Narrator: Today is your first day on the job, champ!

Narrator: All those years of studying Brain Control Theory have finally landed your dream job — a cushy desk job.
          Better not keep your boss waiting!

Foreman: Finally decided to show up, rookie? You know what they say — if you’re on time you’re late, and if you’re late you get “promoted” to short term memory.

Foreman: Let’s get you situated at your desk… What’ve you got under your arm there?

Foreman: Oh, no son. Those instruction manuals are for the new machines we’re planning to install in Dave’s kids...
         Dave’s still running on Ol’ Reliable here.

Foreman: You’ve never seen this model before? Well, I’ll show you the ropes then.

Foreman: Let’s start by running some memory queries. Go ahead and click on the Memory Console.

! flash screen:Memory

> OpenOther screen:Memory

Foreman: All right, wise guy. You can back out of this console and try again by clicking the back button in the top left, there.

<^

> Open screen:Memory

Foreman: Yep, that's the one.

! stop_flashing

<

Foreman: What you’re seein’ here is a standard neural mesh. I happened to organize Dave’s memories myself, so I can vouch for how easy the system is to use.

Foreman: All ya gotta do to run a query is click on the neuron that’s holdin’ a relevant idea to retrieve the thoughts attached to it.

Foreman: Go ahead and pull the instructions for usin’ the memory console now — It’s the little node on the left side of the screen that looks like an SD card.

! flash idea:memory

> Think idea:memory

Sensory Crew: Uh oh, boss, looks like Dave’s thinking about the act of thinking again. Completely lost his train of thought.

<

Foreman: Uhh, right. Good... attempt, but, uhh I think _you_ forgot about the part where I said you _definitely_ gotta disconnect the memory network from Dave’s conscious before runnin’ queries you don’t mean to send to him.

Foreman: Easy mistake. You’ll learn in no time. Like right now. Go ahead and grab a hold of the pulsing neuron’s terminal and move it to the glowing target.

Foreman: Now you can query to your heart’s content… Mostly anyway. Make sure to reconnect it before too long. Dave really freaks out when he realizes he can’t remember anything.

Foreman: The other three ideas attached to the question mark are notes on running the other consoles.

Foreman: Let’s get outta here and take Dave for a quick walk, eh? Go ahead and check out the motor console.

> OpenOther screen:Motor

Foreman: Ya either got real lucky the first time or you're messin' with me. Either way I'm docking your pay.

<^

> Open screen:Motor

Foreman: I’m gonna level with you. Pete was never much for organization, and he used to manage most of the motor stuff.

Foreman: If you’ve got the inclination, you can use the tape over their to label neurons as you figure ‘em out.

Foreman: Might want to label this one, actually, it’s the “right leg”

Foreman: If you look up at the top of the screen, you can see the sequence of pulses to certain muscles Dave needs to get the current job done.

Foreman: walkin’ here will require alternating medium pulses to the left and right leg respectively.

Foreman: Tappin’ a muscle neuron won’t do much — you’re gonna need to hold it down to charge it to the size of pulse ya want.
